---
layout: default-layout
title: Dynamsoft Document Normalizer for JavaScript SDK - V2.x  Release Notes
description: This is the release notes page of Dynamsoft Document Normalizer for JavaScript SDK v2.x.
keywords: release notes, javascript, version 2
needAutoGenerateSidebar: true
needGenerateH3Content: false
noTitleIndex: true
---

# Release Notes for Dynamsoft Document Normalizer JavaScript SDK

## 2.2.10 (04/02/2024)

### New

- Updated the template system
  - Added `StringLengthRange` for [`TextDetectionMode`]({{ site.dcv_parameters }}image-parameter/text-detection-mode.html).
  - Added `ReferenceTaskNameArray` under [`Location.ReferenceObjectFilter`]({{ site.dcv_parameters }}target-roi-def/location.html#referenceobjectfilter) to filter the reference objects generated by the task name.
  - Added the support of the [`OutputTaskSetting`]({{ site.dcv_parameters }}output-task-setting/index.html) definition. The following sub-parameters are available in `OutputTaskSetting` object:
    - `OutputCondition`
    - `TaskResultArray`
    - `TargetROIDefName`
    - `TaskSettingNameArray`
    - `BackwardReferenceOutput`
    - `ReferenceTaskNameArray`
    - `ReferenceResultTypeArray`
    - `Operator`
  - [`Offset`]({{ site.dcv_parameters }}target-roi-def/location.html#offset) parameter is optimized.
    - Added `ReferenceObjectType` to specify whether the reference object is an atomic object or the whole image.
    - Added `ReferenceXAxis` & `ReferenceYAxis` to define the X & Y axis.
    - Modified `FirstPoint`, `SecondPoint`, `ThirdPoint` & `FourthPoint`. You can specify whether the X or Y coordinate of the point is measured by percentage.
    - Deprecated `ReferenceObjectSize` Type.
- Added the following new error codes
  - `EC_IMAGE_SIZE_NOT_MATCH`
  - `EC_IMAGE_PIXEL_FORMAT_NOT_MATCH`
  - `EC_SECTION_LEVEL_RESULT_IRREPLACEABLE`
  - `EC_AXIS_DEFINITION_INCORRECT`
  - `EC_TEXT_LINE_GROUP_LAYOUT_CONFLICT`
  - `EC_TEXT_LINE_GROUP_REGEX_CONFLICT`
- Added [`ObservationParameters`]({{ site.dcv_js_api }}core/intermediate-results/observation-parameters.html) interface for allowing the configuration of intermediate result observation.
- Added a new call back function [`onShortLinesUnitReceived`]({{ site.dcv_js_api }}capture-vision-router/intermediate-result-receiver.html#onshortlinesunitreceived) to the `IntermediateResultReceiver` class.
- Added a new supported image pixel format, binary 8 inverted. The corresponding enumeration member is added to the [`EnumImagePixelFormat`]({{ site.enums }}core/image-pixel-format.html?lang=js).
- Added a new property `documentSettings` to struct [`SimplifiedCaptureVisionSettings`]({{ site.dcv_js_api }}capture-vision-router/interfaces/simplified-capture-vision-settings.html). The corresponding struct [`SimplifiedDocumentNormalizerSettings`]({{ site.ddn_js_api }}interfaces/simplified-document-normalizer-settings.html) is added to store the documentSettings.
- Update [`MultiFrameResultCrossFilter`]({{ site.dcv_js_api }}utility/multi-frame-result-cross-filter.html) class to allow string type for resultItemType.
- Update [`TextZonesUnit`]({{ site.dcv_js_api }}/core/intermediate-results/text-zones-unit.html) interface, now using [`TextZone`]({{ site.dcv_js_api }}/core/basic-structures/text-zone.html) interface to record text zone data.
- Update the property name from `quadsResultItems` to `detectedQuadResultItems` under interface [`DetectedQuadsResult`]({{ site.ddn_js_api }}interfaces/detected-quads-result.html).

### Breaking Changes

- The interface [`CapturedResult`]({{ site.dcv_js_api }}capture-vision-router/interfaces/captured-result.html) is migrated from `DynamsoftCore` module to `DynamsoftCaptureVisionRouter` module.
- Changed the logic of the `capturedResultItemTypes` setting of [`SimplifiedCaptureVisionSettings`]({{ site.dcv_js_api }}capture-vision-router/interfaces/simplified-capture-vision-settings.html):
  - If the result item types don't match the specified template, the method [`updateSettings`]({{ site.dcv_js_api }}capture-vision-router/settings.html#updatesettings) will return the error code `EC_PARAMETER_VALUE_INVALID` with the message "The captured result item types do not match the task configurations in the template".
  - Based on the `capturedResultItemTypes` setting, the irrelevant tasks will be removed from the template.
  - The `capturedResultItemTypes` should include at least one of the `CRIT_BARCODE`, `CRIT_TEXT_LINE`, `CRIT_DETECTED_QUAD`, `CRIT_NORMALIZED_IMAGE`. Otherwise, the method [`updateSettings`]({{ site.dcv_js_api }}capture-vision-router/settings.html#updatesettings) will return the error code `EC_PARAMETER_VALUE_INVALID` with the message "The captured result item types should contain at least one task result type".
- Refactored the [`Contour`]({{ site.dcv_js_api }}core/basic-structures/contour.html) interface. Please view API reference - `Contour` interface for more information.

#### Improved

- Security update for DynamsoftDocumentNormalizer library and other corresponding libraries.

### Fixed

- Fix the issue of camera not opening in iOS 17.4.

## 2.0.21 (01/19/2024)

### Fixed

* Fixed a type error bug encountered when utilizing `CapturedResultReceiver` or `CapturedResultFilter` in a TypeScript environment.

## 2.0.20 (01/11/2024)

### Added

* Added the following preset templates.
  * Default
  * ReadBarcodes_Default
  * ReadSingleBarcode
  * ReadBarcodes_SpeedFirst
  * ReadBarcodes_ReadRateFirst
  * ReadBarcodes_Balance
  * ReadDenseBarcodes
  * ReadDistantBarcodes
  * DetectDocumentBoundaries_Default
  * DetectAndNormalizeDocument_Default
  * NormalizeDocument_Default
  * RecognizeTextLines_Default
  * RecognizeNumbers
  * RecognizeLetters
  * RecognizeNumbersAndLetters
  * RecognizeNumbersAndUppercaseLetters
  * RecognizeUppercaseLetters
* Added the following static methods and properties in `CoreModule` Class.
  * CoreModule.detectEnvironment()
  * CoreModule.onWarning
  * CoreModule.engineResourcePaths
  * CoreModule.loadWasm()
  * CoreModule.loadModel()
  * CoreModule.enableLogging()
  * CoreModule.disableLogging()
* Added the property `minImageCaptureInterval` in `SimplifiedCaptureVisionSettings`.

### Changed

* Removed the class `IntermediateResultManager` in Core module. The substitute is the same class on the CaptureVisionRouter module.
* Removed the interface `CapturedResultReceiver` in Core module. The substitute is the same interface on the CaptureVisionRouter module.
* Removed the interface `IntermediateResultReceiver` in Core module. The substitute is the same interface on the CaptureVisionRouter module.
* Removed the static property `engineResourcePath` in CaptureVisionRouter module. The substitute is `CoreModule.engineResourcePaths`.
* Removed the static method `detectEnvironment()` in CaptureVisionRouter module. The substitute is `CoreModule.detectEnvironment()`.
* Removed the static property `onWarning` in CaptureVisionRouter module. The substitute is `CoreModule.onWarning`.
* Removed the static method `preLoadModule()` in CaptureVisionRouter module. The substitute is `CoreModule.loadWasm()`.
* Removed the static method `isModuleLoaded()` in CaptureVisionRouter module.

## 2.0.11 (08/24/2023)

### Changelog

In this version, the `DynamsoftDocumentNormalizer` SDK has been refactored under the `DynamsoftCaptureVision` (DCV) architecture. To learn more about the architecture, please see [Architecture of Dynamsoft Capture Vision](https://www.dynamsoft.com/capture-vision/docs/core/architecture/). The following highlights the major changes:

* The class `DocumentNormalizer` is removed and its functionalities are now incorporated into the newly added Class `CaptureVisionRouter`. Old APIs can be migrated according to the following mappings:

| v1.x API                                 | v2.x API                                                                                                       |
| ---------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| class `Dynamsoft.DDN.DocumentNormalizer` | class `Dynamsoft.CVR.CaptureVisionRouter`                                                                      |
| setImageSource()                         | [`setInput()`]({{ site.dcv_js_api }}capture-vision-router/multiple-image-processing.html#setinput)             |
| detectQuad()<br>Normalize()              | [`capture()`]({{ site.dcv_js_api }}capture-vision-router/single-image-processing.html#capture)                 |
| startScanning()                          | [`startCapturing()`]({{ site.dcv_js_api }}capture-vision-router/multiple-image-processing.html#startcapturing) |
| stopScanning()                           | [`stopCapturing()`]({{ site.dcv_js_api }}capture-vision-router/multiple-image-processing.html#stopcapturing)   |
| getRuntimeSettings()                     | [`getSimplifiedSettings()`]({{ site.dcv_js_api }}capture-vision-router/settings.html#getsimplifiedsettings)    |
| setRuntimeSettings()                     | [`updateSettings()`]({{ site.dcv_js_api }}capture-vision-router/settings.html#updatesettings)                  |
| resetRuntimeSettings()                   | [`resetSettings()`]({{ site.dcv_js_api }}capture-vision-router/settings.html#resetsettings)                    |

* License-related functions are handled by class [`Dynamsoft.License.LicenseManager`]({{ site.dcv_js_api }}license/license-manager.html#initLicense).

* This version of `DocumentNormalizer` only accepts `DynamsoftCameraEnhancer(DCE)` version 4.0 and above, which has been refactored to be compliant with the [`ImageSourceAdapter` (ISA) interface](https://www.dynamsoft.com/capture-vision/docs/core/architecture/input.html#image-source-adapter), as a valid image source.

* Detected document boundaries and normalized document images are returned via the [`CapturedResultReceiver` (CRR) interface](https://www.dynamsoft.com/capture-vision/docs/core/architecture/output.html#captured-result-receiver).
